Add information type documentation (#87)
GSA/automate.fedramp.gov: content/documentation/ssp/4-ssp-template-to-oscal-mapping.md

-   The identified System Sensitivity Level governs which FedRAMP baseline applies. See the [*Importing the FedRAMP Baseline*](/documentation/ssp/3-working-with-oscal-files/#importing-the-fedramp-baseline) section for more information about importing the appropriate FedRAMP baseline.

---
### System Information and Information Types

> The `system-information` assembly and its defined `information-type` assemblies are used to document all of the information types that are either stored, processed, or transmitted by the system. The information must be based on [NIST SP 800-60](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/Legacy/SP/nistspecialpublication800-60v2r1.pdf). 

Reviewer: It seems you improved this as I reviewed, but maybe slight wording adjustments and use the official DOI links.

```suggestion
The `system-information` assembly and its defined `information-type` assemblies identify all of the information types that the system stores, processes, or transmits. FedRAMP requires digital authorization packages always use [the NIST SP 800-60 categorization system](https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.SP.800-60v2r1) for information types. 
```

Author: Good catch 👍

> FedRAMP requires the  `categorization` for each `information-type` to identify the `information-type-id` with IDs. Because FedRAMP requires [the NIST SP 800-60 categorization system](https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.SP.800-60v2r1) for digital authorization packages, the `system` for each `information-type-id` must be `"https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.SP.800-60v2r1"`.

Reviewer 2: Just a quick observation: `FedRAMP requires` is repeated over and over again in these two opening paras.

Maybe replace `FedRAMP requires the  categorization...` with `Each information-type must have...`, or something like that.

Author: Thank you for the feedback. Resolved: 8e76949d269ee6bf464e155899c5f06b069a909a

> The `categorization` assembly captures the set of defined information types, which must be sourced from [NIST SP 800-60](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/Legacy/SP/nistspecialpublication800-60v2r1.pdf), using the appropriate `information-type-id` as unique identifier(s). The referenced standard that defines the information types must be specified using the `system` attribute of the `information-type` assembly.

Reviewer: This is a little redundant with the above maybe align it a little?

```suggestion
FedRAMP requires the  `categorization` for each `information-type` to identify the `information-type-id` with IDs. Because FedRAMP requires [the NIST SP 800-60 categorization system](https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.SP.800-60v2r1) for digital authorization packages, the `system` for each `information-type-id` must be `"https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.SP.800-60v2r1"`.
```

Author: 'twas a bit redundant. Thank you for the adjustment
